
.Foreword

NOTE: This document is developed and published by the EXPRESS Language
Foundation. All rights reserved.

The EXPRESS Language Foundation, maintainer of the EXPRESS data modeling language,
develops and maintains language standards and technologies. The work of
preparing EXPRESS standards is carried out through technical working groups.
Each member interested in a subject for which a working group has been
established has the right to participate in that group. International
organizations, both governmental and non-governmental, also take part in the
work.

The procedures used to develop this document and those intended for its further
maintenance are described in the EXPRESS Language Foundation's documentation
guidelines. In particular, different approval criteria are needed for different
types of documents. This document was drafted in accordance with the EXPRESS
Language Foundation's editorial rules and guidelines.

Attention is drawn to the possibility that some of the elements of this document
may be the subject of patent rights. The EXPRESS Language Foundation shall not
be held responsible for identifying any or all such patent rights. Details of
any patent rights identified during the development of the document will be in
the Introduction.

Any trade name used in this document is information given for the convenience of
users and does not constitute an endorsement.

For an explanation of the voluntary nature of standards and the meaning of
EXPRESS Language Foundation specific terms and expressions related to conformity
assessment, please refer to the Foundation's documentation guidelines.

This document was prepared by the EXPRESS Language Foundation's Technical
Working Group.

EXPRESS is organized as a series of specifications, each published separately.
The structure of EXPRESS is described in the Core Language Specification.

Each specification is a member of one of the following series: description
methods, implementation methods, conformance testing methodology and framework,
integrated generic resources, integrated application resources, application
protocols, abstract test suites, application interpreted constructs, and
application modules. This part is a member of the description methods series.
